1. For each problem, provide in no more than 100 words, a short, high-level description of the problem;
your approach to solve it; and any issues you encountered and if/how you managed to solve them.

Problem 1 (Register Allocation): This problem required me to implement a register allocation algorithm based 
on graph coloring. To achieve this I made use of liveness intervals to construct an interference graph,
afterwards I had to determine whether the graph was r-colorable. Using the given approach "degree < r" heuristic
where r is the number of physical registers available we could determine if the graph was r-colorable and if so
allocate physical registers to the virtual registers but if it wasn't r-colorable the requirement was to allocate
physical registers to virtual registers, spilling as needed. I achieved this goal by implementing several helper functions
to assist in building the interference graph, determining which nodes would be best for spilling if needed,
and allocating colors as needed for graph coloring. The ending result being a register allocation algorithm meeting 
the specified requirements.

2. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, course staff, other), and
the nature of help received.

Name                   Status           Help Received
----                   ------           -------------

Jongsoo Ha             classmate      I asked him to better explain the concept of graph coloring in person and he was able to do so on a whiteboard.

3. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how much you learned from
doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed doing it.

While working on this assignment I ran into many issues. My first issue was attempting to implement the algorithm
without full understanding what the assignment asked of me which led to wasted time and effort and having to restart 
the entire assignment. After spending countless hours researching and asking classmates to better explain the topic at hand 
I was finally able to gain a better grasp of what the assignment has asked me to do. As such I was able to implement
a better version of my project and through numerous interations finally arrive at the version I'm at now. The concept 
of register allocation wasn't foreign but it's always been spoken about in a theoretical sense so having to implement
proved challenging and enabled me to learn more about the way allocation takes place even if in a more basic sense of understanding.
There's a lot more I would love to research now as a result of this assignment like for example despite this being an NP complete program
what other solutions exist out there for solving this problem and how much more efficient could we theoretically become.